Introduction
  This presentation shows an highly altered and innovative AoS-type Warcraft 3 modification. It is
based on the "Eye of the Storm" Battleground of Blizzard's World of Warcraft. This battleground
consists of 4 capture points and a flag in the center. The overall goal is to be the first team to 
score a specific number of points.

We are aiming for creating a high developped Warcraft 3 multiplayer modification. Therefore this
team puts emphasis on all aspects equally. That means we have to balance the handling,
performance and design. Besides the influence of the World of Warcraft Battleground this project
is also inspired by the gameplay of Cloudwolfs' AoS, the complexity of Zymoran and
Demestotenes Warlock and the terrain design of booody's Diablo 3 maps.

Background
  The story is in progress. The basic version of the story is an invasion which is placed on an
island.



Gameplay Components
  Capture Points
    Capture Points are special areas which are marked with the color of the controlling faction. One gets
    control by simply attacking the capture point core or by standing in the control point area. 
    Standing in an enemy control point area causes damage to the occupying units.

  Arena
    The Arena is an periodic event emphasizing the player vs. player experience this project wants to achieve.




Basic Rules
  


Player's Scope
  As a player, one chooses an original hero at the beginning.
Every hero has full custom made abilities, 
which let you experience the gameplay in a different way.

We seek to go beyond that typical three standard abilities 
and one ultimate ability one knows from certain DotA clones.
The plannend number of heroes is 21.
The classic effects of Warcraft 3 attributes were altered to fit the environment of the game.
Now a hero has no particular attribute anymore which he or she has to stick to.

Strength
Attack Damage
Hit Points 
Mass (Mass influences the way a hero gets knockbacked.
The higher the value the lesser damage and distance) 

Agility
Evasion 
Accuracy 
Critical Hit 
Attack Speed 

Intelligence
Mana 
Magic Resistance 
Spell Power 



Features
custom original heroes 
full mui costum spells 
custom buff system 
custom dot system 
custom damage system 
unique terrain 
altered attributes 
a full custom menu interface 
Dynamic Knockbacks + Bouncing if terrain is not walkable 
Optional Arena Mode 
(Maybe Story Event Mode) 
and many more 


Progress



Team
bhusta - Project Leader, Terrainer
Crigges - Programmer
Naze - Terrainer



Changelog



Credits


